Success in catching the royal family, the owner of the program obtained complete cultivation
Can borrow floor sweeping power
Shen Gong
I finally made up a little for my devastated little fairy.
How was he tortured?
How to send two underweight rewards
I really wear it, change one for another.
Maybe a little stronger with the Dragon King.
The system rewards have been released
Me...
The dead.
Light the steering wheel.
Boss, are you taking gunpowder?
Is it rude to your loyal brother?
I give you a damn, you son of a bitch can't hold anything.
Now I'm in a very bad mood.
Tell me what's wrong.
Who dares to touch my brother in this place of To Thanh?
God loves you, God.
The one that doesn't open his eyes, I cut it for him.
Wang and his niece
Feed the pigs.
Hi.
How do I get to the tiger quarters of two big families in Suzhou city?
No small courage sad
Oh, next to the other two tigress.
Go to Star River
I'll take you.
Just relax.
Wait, I'll be right there.